# Product Podcast Summary — 2026-03-07

**Transcript:** Jason Fried.txt

## Key Points
- (00:19:14): So to get in bed with an investment that would say, "In five years you have to stop doing what you're doing, you're going to get a big paycheck maybe, but you got to stop doing what you're doing because we're going to sell this business, and you're going to have to go work for this other company for two years and do their thing.
- (00:06:12): So, a relatively small business in terms of the number of people who work here, big customer base, big profits, and that's how we like to keep it, and that's something that we've always focused on, versus a lot of these other metrics that I hear a lot, and usually there's acronyms attached to them, and of don't even know what they are, and I don't really care about them so much.
- Jason Fried (00:07:25): Obviously, if you're building cars, or you need a factory, or you're opening a restaurant and there's actual things you need to buy like ovens, and you need to hire people right off the bat, and you need to pay rent, you need capital.
- And there's a beauty in that too, but there's also a disconnect that I forgot about until I got back into driving the old car, which is harder to drive and noisier and bumpier and creakier, but there's a real directness to it that's really special, and I think it's actually a good way to look at business and to remind yourself that staying as connected to the thing that you're doing as possible has a lot of value.
- And just keep that in mind that you can make a lot of progress with two people, and you can do a lot of great work four weeks at a time max, and you can figure things out as you go, and you don't need to know exactly where you're going, and you can be profitable business, and you can find customers who are willing to pay for things.
- If there's any work that's left over that's still on the left side of the hill, meaning we're still pushing it up, we don't know how we're going to do it and we're at our time limit, it almost certainly dies.
- Jason Fried (00:00:00): The reason I think it's great for entrepreneurs to start bootstrapping is because they just have more practice making money, and they get better, and better, and better at the fundamental skill you need to have ultimately to run a successful business, which is to make money.
- Especially things that might surprise people, just a sense of like, "Wow, this business is not what I imagined." Jason Fried (00:05:44): We don't talk about things that don't really matter so much, like revenues don't really matter 'cause you can go broke generating a lot of money.
